Add table for FreeRTOS scheduling algorithm configuration (#83)
FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Kernel-Book: ch04.md

tasks of equal priority, only that *Ready* state tasks of equal priority
enter the *Running* state in turn.

> <a name="tbl5" title="Table 5 The FreeRTOSConfig.h settings that configure the kernel to use various scheduling algorithms"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="tbl5" title="Table 5 The FreeRTOSConfig.h settings to configure the kernel scheduling algorithm"></a>
```

Author: updated.

***
| Scheduling Algorithm            | Prioritized | `configUSE_PREEMPTION` | `configUSE_TIME_SLICING` |
|---------------------------------|-------------|------------------------|--------------------------|
| Preemptive With Time Slicing    | Yes         | 1 | 1   |
| Preemptive Without Time Slicing | Yes         | 1 | 0   |
| Co-Operative                    | No          | 0 | Any |

> ***Table 5*** *The FreeRTOSConfig.h settings that configure the kernel to use various scheduling algorithms*

Reviewer: Same as above.

Author: updated.
